Minimal README for client (#164)
datastax/astra-db-csharp: README.md

# astra-db-csharp

`astra-db-csharp` is a C# client for interacting with [DataStax Astra DB](https://astra.datastax.com/) and Hyper-Converged Database.

> View the full client and Data API **documentation** at [docs.datastax.com](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/api-reference/dataapiclient.html#use-a-client).

Reviewer: `docs.datastax.com` will be incorrect text at some point. It might also be helpful to link to the quickstarts, and to the HCD docs. Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
## Documentation 

For Astra DB Serverless:

- [Quickstart for collections](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/get-started/quickstart.html)
- [Quickstart for tables](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/get-started/quickstart-tables.html)
- [Get started with the Data API](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/api-reference/dataapiclient.html)

For Hyper-Converged Database (HCD):

- [Quickstart for collections](https://docs.datastax.com/en/hyper-converged-database/1.2/api-reference/quickstart.html)
- [Quickstart for tables](https://docs.datastax.com/en/hyper-converged-database/1.2/api-reference/quickstart-tables.html)
- [Get started with the Data API](https://docs.datastax.com/en/hyper-converged-database/1.2/api-reference/dataapiclient.html)
```

> ## Quickstart

Reviewer: If you link to the quickstarts above, this could section probably be omitted. That does make this README super minimal, but it gets the users to the regularly maintained docs

Author: I replaced the actual quickstart code snippet with a 'teaser' piece of code meant to just capture the reader's eyes and show the general spirit of the client.
The goal is not to duplicate the docs, rather to avoid a "too-bare-looking" page for those who land on the repo readme. Let me know if you think this should be removed.

Reviewer: That looks good!

Try the following code after replacing the connection parameters:

```csharp
using DataStax.AstraDB.DataApi;
using DataStax.AstraDB.DataApi.Core;

namespace Quickstart
{
  public class QuickstartConnect
  {
    public static Database ConnectToDatabase()
    {
      string? endpoint = Environment.GetEnvironmentVariable(
        "API_ENDPOINT"
      ); 
      string? token = Environment.GetEnvironmentVariable(
        "APPLICATION_TOKEN"
      );

      if (string.IsNullOrEmpty(endpoint) || string.IsNullOrEmpty(token))
      {
        throw new InvalidOperationException(
          "Environment variables API_ENDPOINT and APPLICATION_TOKEN must be defined"
        );
      }

      // Create an instance of the `DataAPIClient` class
      var client = new DataAPIClient();

      // Get the database specified by your endpoint and provide the token
      var database = client.GetDatabase(
        endpoint,
        new DatabaseCommandOptions() { Token = token }
      );

      Console.WriteLine("Connected to database.");

      return database;
    }
  }
}
```

## Learn more

> Documentation: [docs.datastax.com](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/api-reference/dataapiclient.html#use-a-client).

Reviewer: If you accept the above suggestion to add a '## Documentation' section, this could probably be omitted

```suggestion
```
